since its inception the faculty of
pindamonhangaba fapi has always worked
social and develops on its campus 2nd
clinical center a place that offers
service to the population in the areas of
dentistry and physiotherapy
all the attendance is done by students
with the supervision of teachers
this exchange is very important because
population receives a treatment of
quality made with a lot of care by
students
the students are all time
supervised by teachers toni
they are in the learning phase then
We 're there all the time watching.
teaching punctuation look this is not
so just so, so and so it goes
professionally growing the student and
for the patient is being treated in
an institution that, in addition to the student
Is doing
the teacher is also following
so this is very important is in
terms of quality of service and in the
our institution, we value the
quality
So what we like here is that we do not
do the treatment that in volume
We want it to be a treatment.
very well executed has quality and
not only quantity in the care
although there are a lot of
day care here on the fifth but
all are made with a lot of quality
technical quality of
quality human service because
how alone do you make all the difference
during a treatment between a
health professional of a patient not
is actually established a condition of
a link of trust between the parties
so it's very gratifying for us to see
the clinic functioning in this system is a
environment as you can see a man of
work is not only work it is
of great harmony we do not have a
problems precisely because there is
in compliance with the
close to individualized treatment
humanized in doing everything with
quality
I thought it was important for you to have this
chemical experience is that our area
Dentistry is an area that is not enough
you have only the theory you have to have the
practice also for you to enter the
job market is interesting you
already has an experience in the practice of
What you chose is to work power.
have the opportunity to learn from
he
he also has this opportunity to
do some outside work
I would not have the condition I think
very interesting, we have much to
learn from them that is very interesting
the professional here of the college he leaves
very well prepared
so they come out very well prepared as
a general practitioner a general practitioner
to solve most of the cases in the
population
however it always us is
encourage them to pursue
improvement postgraduate courses
specialization so that it can
to evolve over the years
that his
ae
I believe that today in all areas
only in the areas of biological sciences but
in all areas
is a professional and can not stay
stagnant because news is coming
at all times
then you are in the case of biology area
in the case of biological sciences
which was perhaps an absolute truth
let's say ten years ago today
it is no longer done that it is not wrong
but it has already passed and you already have
a better and more accurate technique
brings better results from your
patients
then there is your professional success it
will always walk along with your
professional improvement because this is
perceived not only by the patients but
also by its ads then game
that today the professional has to
see the graduation as a first
step and then continue
improving by making specializations
to do a master's degree or maybe even a
doctorate for him and reaching a
of professional excellence each time
bigger
I think without this improvement to the
Throughout his career I think
can not survive
properly for many years
ae